External uploads guide improvement (#2934)
phoenixframework/phoenix_live_view: guides/client/uploads-external.md

For any service that supports large file
uploads via chunked HTTP requests with `Content-Range`
headers, you can use the UpChunk JS library by Mux to do all

> the hard work of uploading the file. (For small file uploads, consider just following [this](#direct-to-s3) instead)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the hard work of uploading the file. For small file uploads
or to get started quickly, consider [uploading directly to S3](#direct-to-s3)
instead.
```
